The Joe Rogan experience.
What I find more interesting as what's happening now with the government study
that started here at skin Walker ranch.
Also the one that was in the New York times and where the information is going.
Now, these are new times. Things are starting to drop to the public.
Starting to drop well. They, so.
The skin Walker story, lack of physical evidence that there may be.
It comes to the attention of the defense intelligence agency. This guy,
the scientist who sees it, he goes to Bigelow. They go visit the property.
He looks around, he has an experience. He's not there 15 or 20 minutes.
And something appears inside a house that only he can see.
He doesn't say anything about it.
He goes back to Washington meets with Harry Reed in a skiff, uh, in,
in the Capitol and two other us senators.
He presents them as the proposal for a study of UFO's and related
phenomena, not just like a tip,
looking at flying saucers that encounter a us military,
but something more expensive. They put out a contract,
Bigelow bids on it creates an organization called bass. Again,
puts together a team of experts, a 50 or 60 employees,
and they start studying it. They go around the world,
they interact with other governments. They get their files. They send out, uh,
teams to hotspots to try to figure it out,
looking at whether there are connections between what we'd call flying saucers
possible aliens and all these other different phenomenon.
The program goes on for a couple of years and somebody yanks the yanks,
the funding and get this.
The reason that the DIA suddenly became worried about all this weirdness that
was being reported at a skin Walker and elsewhere is because they thought it was
demonic.
And they thought if this comes out that we're studying this weird phenomena,
a it's going to end up on the front page of the New York times, which it did.
And B we might be invoking Satan in here.
These were fundamentalist Christians in the Pentagon who pulled the money
because they thought it was the devil. I'm not making that up. That's hilarious.
And the program now continues. They keep reporting that it stopped.
It hasn't stopped.
The U S military has been studying UFOs since the beginning in every branch
of our military. They continue to do so.
And now every time they get caught in a lie.
So it is continuing tell them about it. It.
Is continuing. So, uh, all SAPs money was taken away,
but the [inaudible] program,
which is what Lou Elizondo headed up that looked just at military UFO
encounters, continued, Pentagon says it was ended. It did not. Uh,
it continued for a couple of years.
And after the New York times story comes out and creates this fewer,
it got funding and, and now has a structured organization.
And it is looking into cases where the U S military sees these things.
And off the coast of Virginia, they've been seeing this stuff.
I think Fravor talked about it when he was here,
these beach balls with the cubes inside of them.
And they were sitting there for hours off the coast,
right where our warplanes would go out for training exercises as if they wanted
to be seen. And it went, there were 70 or 80, uh, witnesses during, uh,
20 15, 20 16 pilots. Some of them were willing to talk about it. Some weren't,
it continues to this day. Now the program is on more solid footing.
Now Congress has been informed and they want to expand it and get more
information we are told the New York times is working on another followup story
to look into reports of what LaVar said, crash, retrievals, reverse engineering,
the existence of these metamaterials bits and pieces that grandpa had stashed in
a barn somewhere,
whether it's Roswell or other alleged crashes there took taking it seriously to
figure out if there's something about these materials that we could not have,
have created. Um, so the bass program,
the AllSat program created a baseline of what we know about the state of
our technology right now in different disciplines, uh, lift and,
and propulsion things of that sort. They commissioned 38 papers.
That would be the baseline for what the state of human knowledge was in 2009.
And, um, and those papers were published on a,
an internal department of defense, uh, website,
but they'd never been made public. Six of them have now leaked out.
And I brought along two more for you that have not been made public. Um.
These are like scientific reports based on the government study of UFO's.
Okay. So they commissioned these papers.
Only a handful have been released to the public.
George happens to have a fever. So you can,
you're going to be the first person outside of the program.
Other than me to see what is it called a dirt.
This is a defense intelligence reference document.
This paper is on meta materials.
So how you could engineer existing earth materials,
where you could duplicate what you're seeing up there. None of these papers,
two of them actually mentioned aliens, or UFO's,
they're strictly on what the state of our knowledge is or was as of 2009.
And they referenced aliens and UFO only two of the papers.
And how do they reference? Well, there's.
One of the papers that looks at the physical effects of people that come into
contact with these unknown craft.
And it's sort of like the effects of radiation or microwaves.
There are physical effects, hundreds of cases that have been investigated.
And that's what that paper looks at. And that's.
Yeah, the harm that has done to the body,
what they call close proximity to a UAP, which is a UFO.
There are known effects to the human body that are horrible.
And there was a study that focused on the witnesses.
They do know how close encounters like military people and then how it
negatively impacted their body. So each of these reports, as he obtains them,
or as people find them, they're very illuminating to what our government knows.
There was one that looked at, uh, how you would track a hypersonic vehicle,
traveling through space. How difficult would it be? Now? It doesn't say UFO's,
but it's looking at things that really travel fast that are coming in from space
into our atmosphere. How would you track that? Now,
when that paper was written in 2009, we didn't have hypersonic weapons. Now,
the Russians claimed they've got them,
and now it's very timely because we're in a rush to develop those things.
So that was one of the papers that I made public last year.
And I interviewed the engineering professor who wrote it.
He wasn't writing about UFO's.
He was writing about the state of knowledge about hypersonic weapons systems.
Back then, it's a similar thing for metamaterials. That's what this,
this paper is, is how would you engineer materials?
So you could travel through space that would have say you shoot it with the
microwaves and it could develop certain special properties. And so just.
To put into context, maybe because, you know, here's the deal. Um,
our government has now admitted.
There are UFO's that that's the world we're living in they're unidentified
objects or craft that seem to outpace outmaneuver,
actively jam our radar systems,
even go over our military installations of high sensitivity, their incursions,
all of this is now said, it's a different world we're living in. However,
the next thing that people are talking about now is, well,
we also have materials. We'll call them metamaterials materials,
materials associated with UFO craft.
They might even go as far as to say,
we have whole materials craft from somewhere. So.
When they're saying we have materials associated from crafts,
are they saying that they have a crash?
Yes. Yeah.
I helped put off who was a physicist who worked with Bigelow on both needs and
bass made a presentation in Las Vegas in, uh, June of 2018,
or he says, yeah, we've got these materials.
And we're trying to figure out where they came from and how they were
engineered,
because some of them appear to be multilayered that are beyond what is known
engineering capabilities of humans.
It looks like they would've had to been made in say zero gravity of space.
And we don't have any manufacturing plants up there.
He implied that they came from crashes.
It doesn't mean it's a UFO from Zeta ridiculous.
It's crashed from somewhere and we don't know whose it is.
So they're trying to figure out whether we can duplicate it or not.
And I got a bunch of samples. And are, have you seen any of this? No,
I haven't seen Bigelow. And how have you.
I've seen what people claim?
So the army now has these metamaterials that were famously put in through the,
actually the coast to coast show, right? It was called arts parts.
I told you this last time I did,
I was able to obtain them briefly and have five scientists from
New Mexico that I knew material scientists, physicists, interrogate,
as they say the samples for numerous days.
I don't believe that I had access to the best equipment.
We didn't find anything extraordinary other people have. So right now the army.
Has, but when you say you didn't find any, anything extraordinary,
did you find anything ordinary? No, they weren't ordered. He said,
these are the materials here. That's.
The exact piece. One of the exact pieces that I had in my hands and,
and worked on with my team and I filmed it all. But right now, because of, uh,
TCSA, they've made a deal with the army and I think the army has these parts,
but I feel like we're missing that. The big note here,
the big note is a few years ago,
UFO's are still laughable military. Doesn't look after that turns out,
we have programs that do I'm suspecting,
and maybe you can talk more about it.
That the next piece of information is that there are reverse engineering
programs,
which will then make everybody have to look at Lasar story a little bit
differently. Once again,
if we admit that we are trying to reverse engineer either materials
or actual craft from somewhere else,
intelligently designed metals or craft from somewhere else,
if there were a crash retrieval programs for vehicles with,
we don't know where they're from,
that's going to make me look at Bob story even more, even more differently. But.
Isn't that a big F I mean, if, if they've, it's an interesting time, but it is,
but I mean,
there's no indication that they're willing to discuss some retrieved craft,
right?
Yeah. I think that's a heavy lift.
So supposedly the New York times they're working on that story,
I think it'd be pretty hard for them to, yeah, they are.
They've been asking people about this stuff, but I mean, to get that into print,
to get a pastor editors, that's a hard deal ourselves. [inaudible].
Material from the bottom of a wedge shaped craft in the late 1940s made of 26
alternating layers, one to four microns, dark Biss.
Meuth said how you say that bismuth and a hundred to 200 microns of silver,
magnesium zinc alloys.
Each of the six pieces received from the U S army source were formed with a
curvature that tapered.
So basically they're saying for,
there's no process that we know of that would create this alloy layered
in that type of layer system. I actually have a piece out about this.
It's not kind of how they did samurai swords. Ooh.
Yeah. I, I, I'm not sure that this is alien of any kind. Uh, but it is, uh,
of unknown origin and, um.
Well, jock valet has like 20, as I said, last jock him valet.
He's got like 27 samples of things associated with crash retrieval.
So if anybody has an archive of this stuff,
that's being scientifically interrogated right now.
And his studies do show isotopic ratios that are not from this
earth. So he's confident with his research, my big point, he's.
Confident with his research of what?
Well, you'd have to talk. You should talk with Jacques, but he,
but what is he confident of that you can see that he has,
that he has alloys that came from UFO
crashes.
Or run runoff. Has anybody independently analyze those things?
Yeah. He's got a presentation. He sent a whole teams of people.
Well, how come this isn't like public knowledge.
Why isn't this the New York times you gotta.
Get, you gotta get, gotta talk with Jacques.
Whether you have them as a guest or not gets you to talk,
how old is jock now it's getting,
it's getting up there because he's in his eighties.
Yeah. I would probably have to go to him right. With a.
Hazmat. Where's he at? He's strong dude.
Where is he? San Francisco specifically? No, but.
Here's the thing that this program is ongoing. It doesn't have to find aliens.
There are legitimate national security reasons to be looking at who these who's
flying. These craft.
These things are still being seen over our military installations. And our,
our Pentagon wants to know who's flying them.
And that's a perfectly legitimate inquiry, regardless, a little green men.
No one wants to say they're at the Pentagon that we're investigating UFOs and
aliens. Uh, they're just investigating. Where did these things come from?
Are they a threat? Can we duplicate that technology?
If the Russians or the Chinese get this stuff before we do,
if they can do what the tic-tac did, it's a game changer. Um,
so they want to know how whose it is and how we can duplicate it.
And that is a perfectly legitimate inquiry, whether there are aliens or not.